love going out love getting ready to go
out me too
but don't you just hate it when that
night sprung upon you stressing out
already aren't you
well worried not we're going to show you
how to go from day to night to look
fabulous when the Sun Goes Down in just
15 minutes we've got a crack team of
experts waiting for us so follow me
let's meet the team who are gonna make
this all happen hello ladies
giving us fabulous makeup tips our
salmon Nick aka pixie woo a musical
genius
DJ Nicky is going to be providing the
beats hi and I'm going to be doing the
fashion putting together the outfits for
a night on the town now this is very
thirsty work and that's why we've called
in our expert mixologist to make the
perfect drink for this evening and also
we need at least one man in the room
Chelle simone HR ladies okay ladies
let's get down to business
first up we need to choose a look
amazing VIP nights brilliant
okay well let's set the timer 15 minutes
here we go Nicki you look like you are
in the zone have you thought about a
track for our VIP nights I've been
thinking about it and I got the perfect
track it's hot out of our studio and it
is the perfect party track brilliance
here it
hi ladies hi so we're getting ready for
our VIP unite and what's the plan
okay we're thinking vintage glamour so
maybe a little black flick cat's eye
which would be gorgeous
but you definitely can't go wrong with
something classic so a bold blood red
lip I really like this let's get started
do it how are you so nice I'm very good
so what drink you're gonna make us to
get ready for our VIP night well I was
thinking about a TI sopressa martini
straight up sexy smooth but always with
a little bit of kick thousand anything
so it's very simple
Nishiki put a load of ice and then we're
just gonna put Tia Maria little vodkas
well give the kick how do you say this
is one of my favorite TMR drinks freshly
brewed espresso SIL hot you see and we
are ready up nice and sexy martini glass
see the smooth frothy
yeah put some gold leaf on top Wow
and obviously we're gonna sprinkle some
coffee beans enhance the aroma of Tia
Maria this is ready for you thank you
saluton well I do feel like a VIP use
this is absolutely amazing Wow oh I've
caught I need to get the clothes ready
then the VIP night is all about the wow
factor I've got some really nice colors
in here really nice textures I love this
everyone there's a bit of sparkle in the
life I can imagine Niki in this actually
I think we've got some really great
pieces here so let's get dressed
this is a gift from heaven this for Tia
espresso martini for you and now you're
ready for gorgeous girls for fantastic
cocktails